hi guys this is just a quick vet well
quite long video but it's a video of my
setup and um unfortunately it's not very
together because my setups dotted all
over the house some some of the systems
are in the kids rooms and stuff the guy
my daughter's got her laptop my third
skill in that mod my daughter's coming
no image then they take laptops the
scores it's ridiculous anyway so I hope
you enjoy this is it ok hi guys this is
the video of my set up and in and around
my house first of all this is where the
mac mini set up to this was 37 inch
screen all i've done here is i've just
burned all the movies that we had on DVD
it keeps them all safe because the kids
when the kids get hold it in the scratch
the cds and then the become useless so
as soon as we buy and use DVD it just
gets burned straight on the iTunes and
that we keep it an obviously there's
someone here that we've bought off the
itunes bear in mind but in here in the
UK we've just started receiving movies
on itunes but we've had that we've had
TV programs on so but that's the mac
mini in the TV over here is the laptop
so that thought I all sizes permit
finishing now these laptops there's a
macbook and now this is a powerbook g3
and that this one here is a Macintosh
apar book 3 40 CT you think it is 340
let me just check yes 35 3400 see
powerbook I only bought that because
well I am a bit of a soccer really i'm
in the mac products and i bought it just
because i liked it seemed of the
powerbook g3 I like that one that's got
on an airport card all the computers
that are in here they're all connected
up to the airport base station the only
one that isn't is the the old powerbook
that's the only one that hasn't got an
airport
coordinate all the rest of them day the
two laptops are the macbook is obviously
got to be super Drive in it this one
here's got a DVD drive on a CD rewriter
so it's one of the top and one solo it's
a really old system it's still really
good this is a my me and set up this is
my imac it's got the the black western
digital my book hard drive this guy on
youtube fingers name's dr. julian he was
asking questions about the my books i
was tell them that they're in my opinion
they're very quiet I like them I like
them a lot to look at him set up besides
your iMac and stuff the side the
external hard drive the top there beside
the imac that's a five from the gay i
think the one down at the bottom of 750
the one that's under the airport base
station that's connected to the airport
base station so all the computers in the
house are connected up to that
wirelessly I've got a wireless mighty
mouse down there the third they
obviously the aluminium keyboard I keep
the boxes of the Apple products as well
enough cap obviously the one that the
airport came in the airport bia station
came in that's there and they just keep
all the documentation and stuff to get
in there the ones over there that the
ipod scheming and report cards where
things that have bought in the past the
mind emotional talking they've just done
ok for keeping cds city get free with
magazines keep them in there keeps it
there steady that's my ibook g3 that's
the first I Apple product that I ever
bought again it's got an airport card
and it's a DVD drive CD rewriter really
really good system how to fail from file
of the problem yet that most people have
diaper t3's which is the the graphics
card on it causes problems got my pod
touch that's an 8 gigabyte one ipod nano
and the the ipod none of my wife's and
it's a photo a two-color won the ipod
beside her that's mine as a 30 gig 5th
gen video one and i think that's a
better i've got a couple of sperm ice
over there that i just keep on my desk
I've got an HP printer down below which
is got an apple
corona and the speaker system is a
meddler I think it's called and it's
it's it's about its should have
definitely better speakers either but
for me it does the job I'll write the
specs up in the thing and I'll go into
the kitchen nine show you the rest of
the the systems on behalf okay here we
are in the kitchen bearing in mind like
I said in one of the other videos I
don't have set a room for these and the
kids our own some of these and so the
dog at all over the house but I've just
brought them down the stairs the imac g4
it stays in here all the time we use it
so it's it's in its proper place on the
breakfast bar in the kitchen it's got a
super drive in it this is a 17 inch
screen i love this i bought this because
i just love the look at these and
obviously i wasn't in the max whenever
they first came out so that's it's the
second home purchase like most of them
are accepted the macbook and the imac
that's in the living room I've got a
macbook pro as well which isn't here
that's um that's back at apple with a
faulty logic board but the macbook pro
the macbook and the imac are the only
things that i've bought brand new and
the ipods that have bought the implanted
but in terms of computers they're the
only ones have bought brand-new the rest
of them of all comes or second hand off
ebay that's my daughter's i poured in
there charging the daughter also she has
a key for which he has at school with
her at the minute this also stays in my
daughter's bedroom I've got two girls
this is for the youngest girl I mean
this he's only three but she loves using
their seagulls on the internet and what
have units it's really old imac g3 but
the dosage or for her until she gets a
little bit older our son has an imac g5
and his bedroom as well but he's up
there the minute sleeping because he's
not very well so i can't go up there and
he doesn't really want me to it doesn't
think it's cool that Daddy is on youtube
so he certainly doesn't want this
bedroom in there but we the imac g5 the
top and his bedroom that used to sit on
the me and desk in in the in the living
room
I'm still item which one I prefer
because i love the imac g5 and here we
have an old pc laptop still got windows
XP on it but it's so ashamed of itself
that it started morphing into an apple
can you see that well we'll got one
morning and all of a sudden I had an
apple on it it's just so ashamed of
itself with all these fantastic apple
products lying around the house that is
what it's assume what wants to be the
same so that's my setup guys i hope you
like it sorry it's taken so long but
there are dotted all over the house
right okay thanks for watching um my
setup sorry but the quality of the video
it's not that great i don't know what's
that oh what's wrong with that last i'm
looking to but anyway thank you very
much rather look at my setup hope you
enjoyed it and look forward to talking
meisel again thanks but